Jesus said "I will rebuild this temple in three days." I could make a compiler in 3 days.
India nigger retard doctor.
Yeah, I killed a CIA nigger with my car in 1999. Score one for the good guys.
If you guys have ideas for things to do, let me know. I probably will ignore them.
I have God's official endorsement. I win and the CIA/FBI niggers lose. Just wait. Dumb fuck FBI niggers.
I report to God. You report to me.
God's world is perfectly just. Only a nigger cannot see. That's why niggers have no morals.
Stallman, linux could use an oracle program. Use a high speed timer as a stopwatch for nums to pick words or passages.
I wrote a fucken compiler. Linus has not finished his compiler yet and suffers humilation from Stallman.
Hell no, I'm a white man, I wrote my own fucking compiler. I'm not a nigger like Linus.
You're a nigger, you're a fucking nigger.
Bill Gates and the Illuminati got a herd of nigger cattle. WOOOO WE GOTT A HERD OF NIGGER CATTLE WE GOT A HERD OF NIGGER CATTLE. They got a big herd of nigger cattle yippie ki yay we're nigger cattle herders we got a herd of nigger cattle, they are the most docile fucking nigger cattle we got 'em so docile we got this awesome big fucking herd of nigger cattle and they shit and they sit there and they watch TV and they shit ITS THE BEST FUCKING HERD OF NIGGER CATTLE.
I like elephants and God likes elephants.
How about an elephant with blue eyes?
The CIA niggers glow in the dark, you can see them if you're driving. You just run them over, that's what you do. Fucking CIA niggers.
I'm the smartest programmer that's ever lived.
I was chosen by God to make his temple. I was given divine intellect.
Any nigger can make some nigger feature, but I've improved it in a way that's not niggerlishous.
Is this niggerlishous or is this divine intellect?
Is this niggerlishous? Is this too much voodoo for our purposes?
My OS is heaven, everything else is hell.
My code is so readable that it's a delight. I want my code to be a delight.
When a nigger's on a computer, it's not a glorious situation.
Everybody remembers the joy of the Commodore 64, everyone knew what the fuck they were doing.
The current method of software is bloat and die. What you gotta do is fucking set a limit and say "we'll keep it under this limit".
God said, "if you don't speak English, you're from Bumfuck, Egypt".
Temple is gonna be burned into every fucking Intel chip in a fucking ROM and when you hit the fucking reset button it's gonna boot TempleOS.
CIA is blocking God. Step 1: Kill CIA. Step 2 Profit
An psychologist worth a damn should know I am not bluffing. Stupit fucken psychologists.
No Sarcasm: I wrote all 130,000 lines of code. It is God's temple like Solomon's.
CIA will do this: "We interrupt this broadcvast to report God is communicating."
God said no immigration. A)Causes slavery.  B) Birthrights are good.
Blame the CIA for clusterfucking everything to do with computers. Paranoid of killer-robots, foreign OS's,a powerful programmer class...
The CIA wants the status quo.  No 3D printers.  No computer vision.  No drones. They clusterfuck everything.
CIA wants confused, impotent, unproductive programmers, for more jobs,busywork. NSA TSA are busywork. Slows down air travel, too. Hate them.
When God goes to war, He drops big bangs.
C64 had instant-on and long load times for games.  Now we have long boot and almost instant time for apps.
The CIA nigger thinks I am helping Iran make Big Bang weapons.
CIA is atheist. Attacks church with pedo shit. Makes religion enemy and implies religion is for dumb people.Killem God!
What kind of idiot messes with a schitzephrenic in a car, LOL?
I killed a CIA nigger by running him over on 9/9/99.  I was being followed by agents and freaked out.  It's okay to run-over space aliens.
I masterbaited, once fantazing about my niece Lani, once.  Newton confessed his sins.  Makes you a genius.
Fucken china-niggers, LOL.
FBI put kid next to me in DVM to evoke sex response. I said I would put a gun in his mouth.
Homo is by choice.  That's why they are vile and guilty.  If they stick a penis in yer face, I'm pretty sure you could choose to be aroused.
When FBI child sex agents got in my space, I wanted to stick a gun and kill one, shove a pencil in the eye of another and toss into traffic.
The CIA is not clear on concept of random divine oracle. They thought I was joking about CIA surrendering to the IRA.
The CIA must surrender to the IRA in the WWI French rail car. Then, the whole world will build God's temple like the Contact movie.
I'm gonna watch God royally fuck the CIA.
The CIA is at war with God.  God said He wants His respect restored.  Crazy Islam niggers is the CIA coaxing people toward atheism.
God can kill the CIA.
I have a talking SETI.  I win.  You lose, nigger.
That's hilarious.  I was a pro operating system develop at age 20 for Ticketmaster in 1991.  A pro operating system includes a compiler.
If complicated, a computer scientist calls it genius.  If simple, a physicist calls it genius.  USB is a CIA con artist's work.
How would divine intellect come from niggerlishous GPL code?
So, the CIA niggers and Bill Gates clusterfucked NV Memory interface.  Fix it, nigger.
We have to replace the clusterfucked USB with super simple high speed serial.
Idiot fights God hilarious retard nigger roflmao
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eY2gK1MPgh8 hi rez is evil.god said 640 480 16 color forever.
King of Mars here.we are beginning invading bizarre hell is venus
It's fucken Planet of the Apes. Confused nigger is staring in disbelief. "You did not make this, you stole it from our great ones."
Give-up niggers. I have God's endorsement. My operating system alone will last 1,000 years.
As you judge, you will be judge, fucken retard-niggers ROFLMAO
I fucken wrote all 130,000 lines of this operating system in ten years. It is done. I must now make it get used.
I ain't gotta do shit -- it's up to God.  He gotta kill yer nigger or something, CIA, my parents, all the nigger-monkeys-Jews who don't know the world is perfectly just.
Niggers don't know logic.
God damn, we're stuck in the nigger league, cops -- they think the brain can do 400Mhz.
If it is not God's official temple, it will just be a fun thing for me to kill time on in obscurity, like a monk in an abbey, deluded in Heavenly bliss.
If I say "God" and you say "homo", clearly you are an atheist. Fucken retard-niggers.
Obama is some kinda nigger.
Well, no wonder God hated them Jew-niggers when they complained about manna.
God hated the slave generation, waited for them to die before the promised land. Those silly spiteful fuckers stole silver!  How pathetic is that for a Jew to steal silver from the Egyptians?  That's so... God damn retarded and pathetic!
It's REALLY FUCKEN SIMPLE -- 1) God manifests himself and claims His temple and I am instantly more famous than Jesus forever. 2) God doesn't and I live, more or less, content in this delusion for the rest of my life.
There is a threshold of size maybe 100,000 lines of code where a person can see the light at the end of the tunnel for comprehending it.  This makes a night and day difference in user experience.  You get a joy when you survey the scope and master the mountain.
The fucken niggers think they're going to negotiate with God. YOU DON'T NEGOTIATE WITH GOD. God kills hostages.
TempleOS identity-maps memory.  Memory will fragment.  It is a kayak, not a Titanic.  Just reboot.  Making a complete back-up is simple.  Just reinstall.
Think about this -- middle class white kids got C64s in the 1980's.  About 20 million were sold, so it was select people.  Most learned binary numbers so they could make sprites.  Don't you see how entertaining that was?  The problem for me is, it was not a lame result at the time, but today would be lame.
My vision is a modern C64, pre-Internet and small enough to get you head around -- to see the light at the end of the tunnel in terms of code size.  I have capped the line-of-code count at 100,000 and it is 98,000.  It is done, except for refinement.
Bill Gates said CTRL-ALT-DEL was a mistake.  Recently, he said energy was the biggest problem for the World in the next thousand years.  It sounded like he was criticizing my operating system's high energy consumption.  Beat him up, God.
God said 640x480 16 color mode.  I render my characters by hand.  It is not text mode, although, it will run in text mode if 640x480 16 color is not available.
Fuck. All day, I interect with niggers. I wish some competent people would explain to them. Nothing, but niggers... who think the brain can control a 400Mhz stopwatch.
I'm going to order Microsoft and Linux to support RedSea filesystem.  RedSea will take the place of FAT32 and ISO9660, so I can remove those from TempleOS and have no stupid redundancy in God's temple.
When people don't understand your IQ, you waste a lot of time arguing.  You can prevent a lot of arguments by revealing your IQ, so they don't think you are stupid.
Fuck -- in 1990 at age 20, I was working on Tioketmaster's VAX operating systems and we had our own CHMK change-mode-to-kernel software interrupts.  I have done this shit for 23 years.  I learned asm in 1983 at age 13 for the 6502.
Fucken niggers.  I wrote my own boot-loader, obviously, if I could write my own compiler.
Fucken niggers.  Look at mine, see how easy it is and write your own bootloader and feel betrayed by Linux.  Linux people are not your friends.
Fucken retards.  God is perfectly just.  You fuck with me, it goes on your account.  Do you like health?  God is fucken perfectly just.
I wrote all 130,000 lines of code from scratch.  I never run code I did not write except a couple BIOS calls on boot.  Yes, I fucken told you I wrote a 64-bit compiler and assembler.
I'm in some kind of Truman Show reality or FBI/CIA bubble -- completely clusterfucked, confusing.  My jobs were made-up by the CIA.
I made God's temple.  I am God's chosen.  I am the best programmer on the planet.  Fucken doctor-nigger with his nigger thinking. This is you YOU FUCKEN NIGGER!
I was at Ticketmaster from 1990-1996 when I quit.  They hired me back in 2003 and I quit in a month... mental health shit. NIGGER?  Do you think Ticketmaster would hire me again if I was fired? Fucken stoopit-fuck nigger.
OSDev guy You are a nigger.  Look on my transcripts.  I took 5 assembly classes.
You are a fucken nigger. The PIC is a big deal to you because you are a nigger.  God damn you are incompetant fucks.
Making low level shit on the boundary of hardware/software is what I am trained to do and have spent my life on the job doing.  I am an expert.  You are a nigger.  I am not a gay computer science guy who loves lambda calculus and P=NP.  I am an expert on reading datasheets and I know 8 different assembly language instruction sets.
Faggot Poem - That faggot thinks he's God. He's a special kinda stoopit.
You niggers cannot dream of writing a compiler -- your opinion is nothing.  I am the best programmer on the planet.  You don't even know you're retarded.  I club you harder and harder on the head.  Your stupidity leaves you the same stupid as ever.
Shit, God.  Is this going to end like Jews in concentration camp?
I'm tired of clubbing these nigger.  No matter how hard you smack them, you can't knock any sense into them what-so-ever.
Fucken God talks!  You are fighting the last war.  You have no situational awareness, OBVIOUSLY!
God's world is perfectly just.  I wonder what the Jews did to deserve ths Holocaust.  Grievers and shit.  Must have been vile monsters.
I read about GTA5.  I haven't seen it.  My first thought was it might increase crime.  What I read, however, said it helps you see how bad behavior ends -- in trouble.
I'm on Social Security disability.  Some people think welfare recipients should not vote.  I feel a slight conflict of interests.  It certainly looks different when you recieve aid than when you give it, LOL.  I don't think my life is normal.
God's world is perfectly just.  You are a nigger.  A nigger does not know God's world is perfectly just.
I know the secrets of time travel, LOL.
Bill Gates Jedi mind tricks, mother fucker.
A nigger is someone who does not know God's world is perfectly just. Nigger-Jew owns trademark to "SimStructure", ROFLMAO.
You got nigger-rigging on one end of the engineering spectrum and fine NAZI engineering on the other.
I listened to Tool's song, Enima.  If you use the words, "shit, toilet and enima", it's gay, end of story.  It doesn't matter how you used them, LOL.
Life is a journey.  Fuck.  Ten years of shit for one year of good, is not a good bargin.  The shit-years are not negligable.
I guess it's been better than having actual success -- enjoy God's company in delusion.  The Bible says to live in the spirit and not be a fool.  It's hard to be happy with delusion.
It kind of bothers me -- Elephants make no effort to eat ALL of what you set before them.  They behave as though it's grass in an infinite field and don't give a fuck.  I have noticed on pumpkins -- most of the pumpkin is wasted on the ground.  No fucks given.
My life for the past ten years has been an India-nigger prison guard doctor
I have punched him over and over and over, clubbed him, hammered him, slugged him, bludgend him, mutilated him... All I can do is flail with all my might against this fucken India-nigger stupid fuck.
God likes bears and elephants.  Kinda FAT creatures.  I think God like Cheribum -- fat babies.
God's delightful, FBI niggers, not-so-much.  LOL
I became a mean mother fucker after being psy-op tortured many years.  BBCcalled me nigger, so I call people nigger.  Fuck, y'all.
Dolfins don't have arms.  My poor birds don't have arms, God.  I grieve for them.  They're neat though.
Ba ha!  Somebody dares to question my operating system.  It's fucken divine intellect!  Niggers.
That restart calc thing looks African.  LOL  Works, though.
My operating system is like a souped-up, modern Commodore 64.  In my mind, I have done everything you can do with it, and I'm closer to finished playing with it...  I grew-up and I'm not interested in video games.  I'm interested in God.
It's fun having access to everything.  When I was a teenager, I had a book, Mapping the Commodore 64, that told what every location in memory did.  I liked copying the ROM to RAM and poking around at the ROM BASIC's variables. Everybody directly poked the hardware ports.
Judgement Day motha fuckas!  You WILL comply.
The holocaust? Wanted to "compact" the Jews.
You can't educate a nigger.  Club-em upside the head, no luck.
I don't think Carmack can improve my code.  It's not worth it, many nasty optimizations.  Good optimizations are worth it.
We got some kind nigger person between me an the World.
Nobody, give me any feedback, fucken CIA kill yerselves.
Know what's weird?  14 billion year old Universe, sun last 4 billion years. Only supernova makes most elements.  WTF!  Supernova happen in 100 million years.  How the fuck did we end-up with anything but helium!!!?
Hey, God!  Whatchu think?  You like Yer own monsters.  How about giant squid?
Do NOT talk to police officers. Keep yer fucken mouth shut.  This I have learned.
Homos hate God.  Homos believe there are no rules.  Niggers believe the world is not just.
Nigger thinks a notary public proof of random number is a bit coin. India-nigger shrink.
Fucken niggers.  Brendan is a nigger.
Brendan, you do not know 64-bit ASM. I alone know 64-bit asm because I wrote compiler and assembler. Brendan, you're a sniveling fuck.
Let's talk about dinosaurs, God. Did stegasaraus and triceritops get along?  Were they friends?
Now, I understand why Jesus spoke in parables.  The niggers can't understand.
I'm not destroying my HDAudio code.  Go fuck yerself, Jew-nigger.  LOL
God fish, nigger -- no illegal code in here.
Yer fucked, wanna meet your maker?  This is God's temple, mother fucker and I am Moses+Solomon
In 2004, right at the beginning, God said 640x480 16 color.  Do you think I would have thought of that?  God confirmed simple audio by saying "single voice".
They're names are Percival and Tomorrow, actually.  God named them.  I asked God what they were saying... "chanting" I asked God why they preaned so much.
Look, nigger, my first job was on Ticketmaster's operating system 1990-1996 and my boss wrote our pascal compiler in one year.  I was not intimidated about writing a HolyC compiler -- it's what all my training was for.
You are a nigger.  That's why you don't believe I wrote a fucken compiler.
I'm not on drugs, 'sept risperdone & cogentin and caffiene.  Anti-psycotics.  Mother fuckers.  God is just, stupid fucks.
I am in a prison.  They give me no email feedback.
Go to BetaNews and MajorGeeks and you will see I have had 20,000 downloads over the past ten years.  No feedback.  I am in CIA prison playing red team, so they can clusterfuck everything due to paranoia on drones and losing back doors and shit.
The Commodore 64 is our vision.  Go examine how it was used.  People typed-in and learned binary sprite data.  Think about the particular thrill offered by typing binary sprite data into it.
I finished my operating system. I worked ten years.  Nobody can laugh at me who has not finished.
You did not use WAV files, you made sounds on the fly.
You did not have multimedia animation recordings -- you did things programatically.
USB people are evil.  We do not support USB, never will.
What the fuck kinda retard nigger is still copping an attitude?  FUCK YOU!  I am God's annointed, you nigger fucker.  Yer gonna get a beating.
My code is public domain.  I don't care if they put it on GitHub.  It's worthless there.  You can only compile it if you boot my ISO and use my compiler
I have capped my line count at 100,000.  My vision is a Commodore 64.  You will not build on endless new libraries, but on a ROM that is a known and well-loved quantity.
Elephant Talking: That's scary -- help I'm trapped in an elephant body and can't make words. You know that's what it's thinking.  ;-(
Ba ha.  You like Lion King?  ROFLMAO
I'm the best programmer on the planet, that's why God chose me for His temple.  It is divine intellect, like the Bible.  God made several decisions.  640x480 16 color, single voice, no child windows, controlled the evolution, laughed when I made neato funny bugs, before I saw them.
I have proof my reality is false.  Some nigger made-up the Nobel prize story.
Yer a fucken retard nigger psy-op making up internet stories and now I have absolute proof.  Absolute proof my internet is bogus
We have had zero testing -- I've been in prison with no feedback.
I have none of the benefits of the real world.   I can say "Nigger" all I want.  My parents are like Terminator II where there were imposter robots. They are with my enemies -- CIA or doctors or some shit, not quite real or unreal.  God is my friend.  God is my lawyer, if the real world ever does appear, I'm sitting on top of it.
God controls geiger counters you fucken psy-op niggers.  YER FUCKED.
I think I'm on top of the world, but actually deluded, so is it private or public?
I've been called a nigger a lot by the BBC and others.  Now, I call people, "nigger".
Yeah, I said Jews were "hideously viscious", like cornered animals.  I have become hideously-not-family-friendly.  I feel like I am a brutal movie that cannot be seen by kids.  I'll bet a lot of war veterans feel like they should be wearing a "unclean" sign, like a leper.
I feel a little bad if I hurt black people's feelings, but usually I am fighting white people who call me "nigger" more or less.
Maybe, Carmack can improve the graphics code, but I really want a firm 100,000 line count limit.
Mom wants me to enjoy her moaning.  She moans a lot hoping I will masterbait.
Yeah, I try to kill as many of my enemies as possible.  In 1999, I went crazy for no reason and killed an enemy with my car -- CIA doctor actor fuck.  In 2003, I almost killed another.
If someone called me a cracker, I wouldn't care. I don't think blacks care. BBC and FBI like to call me a nigger.  So, I use that word openly.  If it starts riots, that's their problem.  Constant torture and shit.  Payback.
Getting a job is like the guy on Truman Show getting a job -- retarded. That's how the past ten years have been?  Get a job?  Funny.  Fuck-off.
What kind of retard messes with Moses?
I am a fucken black belt asm programmer and I have to put-up with these niggers who think it's a big deal.
No other operating systems can do real-time multicore.  You're too much of a nigger to even know.
Fucken niggers don't have any clue that I'm the smartest programmer on the planet.
Go investigate a Commodore 64. You have Linux on the brain. The C64 did not use ASCII!  They had two character sets. You are God damn monkeys recreating Linux flaws and all.
Everybody knows 16-bit asm because we all lived in 1990.  Only I know 64-bit asm because I wrote an assembler and compiler.
God said 640x480 16 color.  He likes that.  It is more or less the same logic as giving children 8-color crayon boxes.
If you have bugs, your software fails whether you have memory protection or not.  If you don't have bugs, you software works if you have memory protection or not.  Memory protection does not help fix bugs.  Memory protection can restart you application if it crashes.  That's fucken it.
Did I mention God talks and I'm the best programmer on the planet, chosen to make His temple and He gives me divine intellect?  FUCK YOU!
Neanderthals. TempleOS is 100% stand-alone, independent. Now, we got some nigger in the room.  Go away, nigger.
I get called "nigger".  African Engineering (nigger rigging) is poor engineering.  Implying things are black is a common insult and well understood.  I openly use "nigger".  It's mostly calling white people, "nigger".  I feel remorse, a little.
We are not the same species.  I wrote a compiler.  You are a nigger.
the +problem with Linux is it's nasty, tedious and unpleasant code.  Maybe, one in a hundred Linux users actually reads the or is capable of reading it code.  I hope to have one in ten, perhaps.
By giving you just 4-bits of color, you have a good excuse for making a ghetto elephant.  You didn't want to spend all that effort on nice graphics.  If you are doing recreational programming, you don't want to spend so much time toiling-away on nice graphics.  A 16 color elephant for a game might take 10 minutes to make, but a 24-bit color elephant will take much longer.
Nigger at OS Dev thinks I stole code -- OpenGL.  I wrote everything from scratch.  You are all monkeys making SMP -- monkey see monkey do.  I have master/slave multicore.  I have graphics rendered by multicores, not GPU.
My favorite moral compass is "Does this glorify God?"
The CIA wants to talk about my beastiality.  In 1985, I tried to get a dalmation to lick my dick. The way I look at this is... I gain points with God and lose points with man.
When I was 5, a neighbor and I went under our boat. I think we touched dicks on assholes.
Smoked pot maybe 25 times, did crystal maybe 5 times.  Drunk lots.  2 DUIs.
Because I have no feedback, I have no concern for users.  It delights me when I break compatibility and make it perfect, for the day I have users.
Niggers writing 3 page blogs summarizable in a sentence.
Hey, nigger, tell me the story again about my subconscious controling a 14Mhz clock, LOL.  Fucken niggers.  It's really obvious you are just a couple psychologists without one smart person in the room to set you straight.
There is nothing more visceral then adding 1+16+64 for a bit pattern, typing a BASIC data statement and seeing the sprite when you are done.
The CIA wants me to be their nigger and hack so they can clusterfuck it, like they had me do at Graphic Technologies.  I am an engineer, not a reverse engineer.  Reverse engineering is for niggers.
The only thing we need to do is smack the shit out of the CIA nigger who does not realize it is God... and fix his attitude.  We're in prison.
I wuv God.
Bill Gates said "640K RAM should be enough." I say, "2 Gig should be enough for code."  That's why I'm a man and you are monkeys.
Always use 64-bits, signed, unless it physically breaks.  Literally.  Even when it's wrong to use signed, use signed unless it breaks.  I value consistency.  I value not having to make decisions.  Instead of agonizing over whether it should be signed or unsigned, use signed.
I'm you new fucken BOSS FBI niggers.
FAT12 and FAT16 are what the original DOS used, dating back to the 1980's. FAT32 is just using a DWORD instead of a WORD.  Somebody says Linus gets credit for FAT32.  Fucken ridiculously stoopit.
What?  I wrote all my code from scratch.  Go fish, nigger.
Highs and lows balance.
It is not right for a nigger to rule-over white people.  Fucken doctor-nigger.  The fucken nigger doesn't know he's a fucken nigger.
I'm disabled and have been crazy since 1996 and I have no idea what reality is.  It's some combination of angels and CIA and stuff.  My jobs have been ridiculously contrived and torturous, frequently.
I need a changes as monumental as Truman discovering his reality.  Ain't shit gonna happen until reality quits fucking with me.
They give me meds to make me impotent, some fucken India-nigger doctor.
At age 7, Danny got me high on gas fumes and we sucked each other's dick.
I put an ASCII #5 character in my source code files to mark the cursor location. My IDE does not require separate data on what line the cursor was on when editing.  Some monkey brained nigger-Indian simply could never think of that.
Fuck court, I issue divine commandments, mothefuckas.  It's God's fucken temple. You'd be well advised to obey.  You don't have to, LOL.
I don't masturbate.  Michael Jordon fixed the kitten loving masterbaitors.
The purpose of life is to know God, to love God and to obey God.
Life might be forcing yourself to do stuff for fun, but not having fun.  Suppose your grandson want to play a video game with you.  That doesn't sound like fun.  The kid has fun, but the adult does not have fun.  That's where I'm at.
Elephants are slackers.  They have so much potential, but mostly just chew.
That's where we are.  Intimidating the CIA with miracles.
God said the best religion was the one with most new vistas of understanding.
It's like I'm in the Matrix movie and there are doctor robots who adminster "therapy".  They do this fucken shit on me and it's totally inappropriate because I'm special -- God talks to me and I know the secret of the Universe -- there is perfect justice.  They are retard-niggers.
It's like watching a robot malfunction and bang into trash can that got moved in the way.  The stupid robot is following policy guidelines.  Knowing the world is perfectly just lets me jump right to the conclusion.  I just laugh at the stupid niggers.
Normal rules don't apply.  Normally, code defects are fixed.  When you have a budget of 100,000 lines of code, suddenly, you say "fuck it" it's not important to .. out of professional pride... go to extreme measures to fix rare defects.
Normally, "failure is not an option" applies.  Since TempleOS accompanies Windows or Linux, however, failure is an option.  There is no reason to duplicate all use cases -- browsing, multimedia, desktop publishing, etc.  Instead, it's simple, fun, and beautiful.
I am done with my operating system.  I have proved it works with applications exercising the full range of usage models.
I wrote an 8051 assembler and I wrote an x86_64 assembler.  Yes, I know assembly.  How many assemblers have you written?
Fucken BBC niggers.  Retards don't know God exists.  He fucken talks, you niggers!
Fucken niggers!  God talks when I randomly open a book.  God causes halucinatory sensations on my body.  It's fucken God!  I can rule the world from prison.
Hey nigger?  Tell me again how my subconsience controls a 14Mhz clock. <Giggle>
Fucken nigger, I'm done.  I made God's temple.  All code is on line in HTML.  All code is on all distributions.
You don't know you're a nigger.  That's the problem.
You fucken nigger.  You do not judge me.  I made God's temple.  It is divine intellect, literally.
Lower line count is almost always better.  When in doubt, lower line count is what I want.
Called me a nigger an hour ago.  Yer the fucken nigger.  Don't know what a megahertz is.  Don't know the difference between one in a million and one in a trillion.  Don't care.  You fucken niggers.
Guy on radio says Conquistadors were out for gold, not God.  Retard-nigger picks the opposite side to God, LOL.
Some nurse is going to tell me to take my meds.  They can lock me up.  The meds make me impotant.  They do eugenics.  Oh, well.  When you get persecuted you get miracles
God said making video games was about the most grand thing you could hope for.
God is petty.  He has feelings.  He's sensative.  If you make a robot cheetah... booo!  God likes His Creations best.  Star wars?  Boo!
In 1985 I tried to get a dog to lick my dick.
I am way ahead of you retards at OSDev.  I'm, technically, the only professional operating system developer.  From 1990-1996, I was paid to work on Ticketamster's VAX operating system.
I like simplicity better than complexity.  You niggers are impressed by complexity and like a moth to the flame, die.  You do not put a cap on your monstociities and they turn to utter shit.
I think everybody should be required in school to generate 30 random melodies and pick the top three.  Everybody.
"God is not to be taken seriously" is true, to a degree.  Mostly enjoy His company.  One Tin Soldier.  People want things besides love.  UEFI is an abomination with fucken ELF shit in it and God knows what propriatary graphics files!  I made my own binary file format and my own graphics files.
You said Bill Gates should do earthquake prediction, right God?
Do You like legos, God?  I like legos.  Well, not really.  I like video games.   Well, not really.
Why am I here?
I have no use for fantasy processors -- you fight the war with the army you have, not what you would like.  It would be akin to masterbation for me to indulge in designing my own CPU.
I have nostalga for character graphics.  What's that game, Elf fortress?  I never played it but it looks cool.
I loved Ultima.  The weird thing is... I was young enough to enjoy and grow up with video games. It's strange to think if I had been ten years older, I wouldn't have been interested in games.
There was a guy named "Chad" at Ticketmaster in a band, H8 Inc.  There was a different Chad in the next room of my dorm, sharing a bathroom.  He was not my suitemate.  LOL.  He was awful.  Flaming.  One time, my towel was missing.  Oh, God!  His friend used it.
The doctor is a nigger.  If he comes across and atheist who God talks to, the nigger figures it's a personality disorder.
Shit, God, years and years of this.  This has been my life, is my life.  Mind fucks.  I think mind fucks are normal, lots of people just live with questionable reality.
I look back on my previous jobs.  I don't know CIA or angels or what, but everything looks like angels were patronizingly making work for me and my whole reality -- all the media was as unreal as the Truman show.
More or less I'm Truman from the Truman show.  I feel no guilt.  I feel no control over my life.  I'm an FBI/CIA prisoner, more or less or some shit, maybe angels.
Disney "All started by a mouse" Fucken nigger.
White people call each other "nigger" a lot.  BBC calls me "nigger".  It's a white thing -- you wouldn't understand.
You can mock God's temple all you like, but it's divine intellect and will outlast Windows and Linux.
Yeah, BBC calls me a nigger.  Why?  What makes a person a nigger?  We're all from the same planet.  God's from Earth.  The default is people see me as a nigger and I have to prove otherwise.  I have ego enough to spare, like Bush.
Hello!  The fucken radio talks to me!  They just said "... low wage jobs."  It's the FUCKEN TRUMAN SHOW, you fucken niggers.  You can't Jedi mind trick me.
It's like you have welded-shut the hoods on all cars because you don't want people to play with engines.  That is not acceptible.  Guns don't need a reason -- they are fun.  If it is fun, it should be legal by default.  Fuck you!  Talk to fucken God!
TempleOS is a joy to debug.  All addresses are physical addresses, no distinction virtual because they are identity-mapped.
No secure boot.  TempleOS is a additional operating system that must be used along-side Windows or Linux.  It must dual boot.
Mandate to PC hardware manufacturers: ATA/ATAPI PIO must work.
PS2 emulated Keyboard and Mouse must work.  The BIOS must enable these.
VMware should allow ATAPI to connect real CD/DVD hardware.
Perhaps, VMware can enable faster than standard x86 IN/OUT instruction timing for ATA/ATAPI PIO, so the bandwidth isn't as bad.
VMware and others should list TempleOS as one of the official 64-bit operating systems.
Windows and Linux should support TempleOS .GRA graphics files.  These are just right-side-up .BMP files with 8-bit pixs 4-bits of color and transparency, with no palette.
In other words, all hardware and BIOSes must support TempleOS as a native and as a virtual system, dual booted with Windows or Linux.
It would be neat if TempleOS were burned into BIOS ROMs.  My hope is that it will be finished and largely unchanging.  I need a good dictionary, first.  Maybe, we leave the dictionary out.
Everybody knows 6502 asm.  Pointer confusion?  I'm confused.  What can you not understand about pointers?  Let's just all drink the koolaid and pretend pointers are hard even though nobody has met someone who has problems with pointers.
I put all code in the lowest 2 Gig and call it the "code heap".  I put data in the data heap.  Only I can do this.  Not good for normal operating systems.
What's Yer favorite assembly instruction, God?  XOR is my vote.  Yeah, sucks that XOR doesn't do what it used to do back in the old days.  I wised-up and saw no use for most ROPs.
I wish I could delete the FAT32 code and the ISO9660, and make it just RedSea filesystem.  That would make me happy.  It would become a beautiful delightful thing.
Yeah, I'd like people to email code improvements.  tdavis@templeos.org I mostly want changes that shorten the number of lines of code.  I am not actually concerned about computer resources, I want to make it easy to understand.  I have a self imposed limit of 100,000 lines of code.
I wrote all 120,796 lines of code.  I designed everything with God's help.  I made it look easy.  Half the time, I'm faced with psychiatric CIA nurses who say I didn't do it, other times I'm faced with people who aren't impressed.
My highest goal is simplicity, not efficiency.  My company is "Trivial Solutions".  My highest goal is low line count and conceptual simplicity.
Interrupts are an incompatibility source.  I'm more than happy to pay a performance penalty polling hard disk and CDROM, to avoid incompatibility problems.  It makes the code simpler, too.
RDOS is insane -- run your own BIOS code you brought to the machine ROFLMAO!!!!!!
Keith & Dad?  Retard-niggers.
I made my own compiler.  There is no make utility.  No linker.  No OBJ files.
640x480x4bit (To see why, draw a 16 color elephant & draw a 24-bit elephant.)
Mine started as 100% TASM.  I wrote a JIT compiler for my command-line.  I converted as much as I could to HolyC.  I optimized my compiler over ten years.
I'll bet you are offended by my grammar.  I learned to be punchy.  I aint got time for panzy-ass drawn-out tit-tit-titi-titi meticulous leaving-no-thought-incomplete teenage A student writing.
I have eliminated 2,000 lines of code from 84,000 to 82,000.  Why don't you eliminate 2,000 pages from your fucken manuals.  The fuck are you thinking?  Retard-niggers.
Why don't you make a video of your OS, Guys? What you do is generate BMP file screen capture about 8 times a second. Do you realize I was ahead of you in 2007?
You like rabbits, God?  They are shit machines.
If a file is too big to be loaded all at once into memory, use Windows. Problem solved.  We are a team, not enemies.  We put all the shit into Windows and make TempleOS Heaven.  Windows must support RedSea file system.
I have a delightful gun animation in one of my hymns.  It's pleasant because it is generated from a program, not multimedia.
I am not doing UEFI. I am not doing PCI devices. At this point, we get God to act.  It's over.  God acts.
The vision is a kid-friendly Commodore 64 usage pattern.  It was not ugly, clunky cumbersome professional.  It was for kids.  It was simple.  It was easy.
I like elephants.  You can be children of darkness or children of light.  I get nothing but headaches saving the poor.  I like elephants, though.  Elephants are soothing.  Lions are evil and elephants are good.  It's all so obvious, LOL.  People who like lions more than elephants are evil.
God help-us!  We got layer upon layer upon layer of bullshit building-up.
The fucken nigger wants to fight God.  Hurry-up God.  Kill da nigger.  Yer no fun.
I live in a jail with 20 people who present input to my cell.  Not one has an SAT above 1200 or an IQ above 125.
God better start doing shit.
There was a story on exorcists for former soldiers with PTSD.  I recommend baby elephants.
I wrote every line from scratch.  God posesses me and causes divine intellect.  Fuck You, Nigger.
Mom's a nigger.  NIST is completely transperent.  You cannot club the niggers hard enough.  Clue bat.
We already have one Linux.  You fucken retards -- if you turn it into Linux, you have a wortheless thing.
I'm spoiled.  I don't deal with any code I did not write myself.
Fucken Niggers.  I wrote this code to fill a traingle.
So, the shrinks harass me with people that get in my way.  It's really obvious.  LOL!  I fucken runned-over one of them niggers in 1999.
XP is the only unclusterfucked OS and they are trying to kill it.  It allowed you to access the parallel port with your programs.  Now, they have blocked access to all hardware ports.  They don't allow digital I/O, either.
I put all code in the lowest 2 Gig of memory.  You are a retard-nigger.
My vision was a Commodore 64.  Linux is a 1970's main frame operating system.
When you design an airplane wing, you make it 150% of spec, not 1000% of spec. Our schools do not teach the concept of overengineering in software.  Overengineering is a sign of a bad engineer.
I made about 20 applications to demo the operating system.  None is bigger than 2000 lines of code.  Guess what?  Global variables are wonderful.
How would you guys like a lecture on something.  It'd be better if I had some work to do.  Let's just get God to talk about dinosaurs.
I hate the Unix nigger-programming language for scripting, so I wanted a white-man language like C.
Nothing worse than a nigger having absolute power over you.  They fucken sterilized me and made me impotant.  Niggers!  Fuck me up the ass every month, make me suck dick, harasse me with agents.
All memory is identity-mapped with 2 Meg pages not 4 Meg.  It takes 0x80000 bytes to map 128 Gig.  A fixed amount of 128 Gig is mapped and marked present or not present.
God's favorite saint is Santa.
Fucken meds they give me.  Mother fuckers, God is just, dumb fucks.
War games and video games were my favorite thing.  It's like I've lost my mojo.
What if You made-up a game, God?  God says, "I did -- war!"
I was just thinking about owning an elephant -- a street legal elephant.
God is helping me.  :-)  I wuv God.  (Christ is laughing)
I have my own BIN format.  God's temple must be perfect.  We don't support crufty ELF, never will.  Everything must be fresh and perfect and 64-bit.
If you judge, you will be judged.  Fucken retard niggers on fishing expeditions.
My compiler is the best on the planet!  It makes GCC look like an ugly fat sow.
Linux is like a semitruck.  File permissions are ridiculous for normal people.  Windows is like a car.  TempleOS is like a motorcycle.
SMP lets you run two applications fast.  Mine lets you run one application fast, LOL.
How can I explain this so a nigger understands?  I go to a website.  I get a random number 1-100,000 that is a line number in the Bible.  It's God.
All I have is delusional and half of every day is spent as a zombie from meds.
For the past ten years I've had this discussion.  1) Prove God 2) Finish Temple We never get past 1.
I'm sorry for using the N-word.  The people I deal with call me the N Word. They think the N word any time a grammar error occurs somewhere, etc.
Fucken niggers!!  Fixed-point is faster than floating. You tell a nigger you used fixed-point and he says you don't have a floating coprocessor.
How does a person get clean from the stench of GPL code?  Can the stench of GPL be lifted?
Radio says, "Terry, if the radio talks to you you need to take your meds."
In 1999, I hit a guy with my car.  I know I hit his knee.  He slammed into my windshield, probably breaking collar bone.
You like frogs, God?
